GH-3356: Add the way to not load mail message (#3402)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/mail.adoc

if (closeableResource != null) {
    closeableResource.close();
}
----
====

Keeping the folder open is useful in cases where communication with the server is needed during parsing multipart content of the email with attachments.
The `close()` on the `IntegrationMessageHeaderAccessor.CLOSEABLE_RESOURCE` header delegates to the `AbstractMailReceiver` to close the folder with `expunge` option if `shouldDeleteMessages` is configured respectively on the `AbstractMailReceiver`.

Starting with version 5.4, it is possible now to return a `MimeMessage` as is without any conversion or eager content loading.

> These functionality is possible with these options combination: no `headerMapper` provided, the `simpleContent` is disabled and the `autoCloseFolder` is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is enabled with this combination of options: no `headerMapper` provided, the `simpleContent` property is `false` and the `autoCloseFolder` property is `false`.
```

> The whole `MimeMessage` is present as a payload of the Spring message to produce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MimeMessage` is present as the payload of the Spring message produced.
```

> Only a header presented is the mentioned above `IntegrationMessageHeaderAccessor.CLOSEABLE_RESOURCE` for the folder to close when done with the `MimeMessage` processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the only header populated is the above mentioned `IntegrationMessageHeaderAccessor.CLOSEABLE_RESOURCE` for the folder which must be closed when processing of the the `MimeMessage` is complete.
```

The transformer is a subclass of `AbstractMailTransformer` that maps the address and subject headers from the preceding list.
If you wish to perform some other transformation on the message, consider subclassing `AbstractMailTransformer`.

> Starting with version 5.4, when no `headerMapper`, no `autoCloseFolder` and no `simpleContent`, the `MimeMessage` is returned as is in the payload of produced Spring message.
> This way a content of the `MimeMessage` is loaded on demand.
> All the mentioned above transformations are still valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.4, when no `headerMapper` is provided, `autoCloseFolder` is `false` and `simpleContent` is `false`, the `MimeMessage` is returned as-is in the payload of the Spring message produced.
This way, the content of the `MimeMessage` is loaded on demand when referenced, later in the flow.
All of the mentioned above transformations are still valid.
```
